update graphql-apollo-react-update (#761)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2021-01-08-graphql-apollo-react.md

## Create your Okta Application

The first thing you will need a free developer account from Okta. if you don't have one you can [sign up for one here.](https://developer.okta.com/signup/). Once you have completed that navigate to your developer's console and click on **Applications** and then **Add Application**. Select **Single Page App** and click **Next**.   
{% include setup/cli.md type="spa" framework="React" loginRedirectUri="http://localhost:3000/callback" %}

Give your application a meaningful name. You will also need to change your URIs to *localhost:3000* as this is the default in React.

> {% img blog/graphql-apollo-react/okta-app-settings.png alt:"Okta App Settings" width:"800" %}{: .center-image }

Reviewer: Can you please delete this image too?

Author: I see it deleted?

Reviewer: You deleted the line, but the file still exists in Git.

> The OktaCLI will present your the *Client id*. Make note of this as you will need it in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta CLI will present you with a *Client ID*. Make note of this as you will need it in your application.
```

> The Okta CLI will present your with a *Client ID*. Make note of this as you will need it in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta CLI will present you with a *Client ID*. Make note of this as you will need it in your application.
```
